{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\ul Design Plan\
\
\ulnone Typography: Should be modern, progressive and accessible, yet professional and from a place of educated authority. Maybe a bold Sans Serif for headlines and titles. The font \'91Oswald\'92 seems to be a popular choice that would look clean and professional. Oswald only seven years old and has a modern and professional feel to it. It is also featured in over 6 billion websites, making it very familiar. \
\
Modules: The \'91Advisory Board\'92 page should have one module, repeated and laid out for all the people on the board. Maybe individual \'91cards\'92 with everyone person\'92s statistics with a gentle colored background per module. Links to their contact information should be included, social media links if applicable and associated schools and/or businesses they are apart of. The current Advisory Board page is boring long winded in the description of each involved member. Perhaps bullet points of the most important information would be best for each person with a one or two sentence background paragraph would streamline each module.\
\
The homepage needs a video module and a brief bio module. I\'92ll use the iframe html markup and place it next to the bio. Below that, a \'91Latest News\'92 module and next to that a \'91Student of the Month\'92 module, describing a successful young student that is contributing to the field while in college. This could be a rotating monthly piece.\
\
Colors: Based off the logo of the consortium, orange, green, blue, yellow, white. An organization\
 that focuses on energy should have lighter color themes, I believe. Orange and yellow tend to energize the viewer and make them alert while green and blue tend to be more relaxing and tranquil. I want the viewer to know the importance of this organization yet feel a sense of peace. This color combination could do the trick.\
\
Navigation: streamline and consolidate links. Cut the fat so to speak. Put the most important links in the main nav on the top of the page. Dropdown nav with links for the less important links and put links in the footer as well. Navigation links should be specific and descriptive to the topic of the website. This aids in better SEO. General names for navigation links like \'93about\'94 or \'93products\'94 don\'92t list very well on a google search. No more than 5-7 links total and avoid dropdown menus unless it\'92s a \'91colossal dropdown\'92 menu, which also aids in SEO. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.orbitmedia.com/blog/website-navigation/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.orbitmedia.com/blog/website-navigation/}})\
\
Layout: the \'91cover\'92 style seems to be very popular right now. On the homepage, having a large background image that covers the entire site with nav and text overlay for a modern look.\
\
\
An email signup for the public so they can keep up to date on the latest news. Also, a small blog on the homepage with latest news would be good for visitors to see what the consortium has been up to.}